**1. Work Gallery:**

Developed an interactive gallery showcasing confectionery products with
high-quality photos and detailed descriptions. Users can browse the creations
and explore various product categories.

**2. Responsive Design and Retina Support:**

Ensured the site looked flawless across all devices, from mobile phones to
desktops, with support for high-pixel-density (Retina) displays. Used responsive
design techniques to provide a seamless experience on any screen.

**3. Promotional Timer:**

Implemented a promotional timer feature that automatically counts down the time
until special offers end. This creates a sense of urgency and encourages users
to make quick purchasing decisions.

**4. Slider in the Hero Section:**

Added a slider to the Hero section, automatically displaying images of the
confectionery creation process. This element grabs visitors’ attention
immediately and adds a dynamic touch to the site.

**5. Animated “About Us” Section:**

Created an animated section presenting key information about the company,
including its history, philosophy, and values. The animation provides an
engaging experience for users and helps build a positive brand image.

**6. Backend Integration:**

Integrated the site with a MongoDB database for efficient order management and
customer information handling. Also, a feature that automatically sends order
confirmations to customers via email using Nodemailer was implemented.

**7. Contact Section:**

Developed a section with detailed contact information, including direct links to
social media. This makes it easy for customers to connect with the company and
increases its accessibility.

**8. Enhanced UX/UI:**

Focused on delivering a superior user experience (UX) and user interface (UI),
ensuring simple and intuitive navigation. The site features a modern, attractive
design that adheres to the best practices in web development.

**9. Performance Optimization:**

Conducted optimizations to improve page load times and resource management,
significantly boosting the site’s speed, especially on mobile devices. This
enhances user experience and positively impacts the site’s search engine
ranking.

**10. SEO Support:**

Implemented basic SEO support, including optimization of meta tags, keywords,
and descriptions, to improve the site’s visibility in search engines.
